in this lecture,
we're going to build out the responder for the list users command.
But before we go down and start filling out that function,
we know that in order to get data about the user's,
we're going to need the data library that we created earlier.
So let's require it now.
Far underscore Data is going to be required dot slash data because this library,
the CLI library,
is in the live directory the same place as the data lip.
So now we can go down to the list users responder and start filling it in.
If you remember within our data library,
we already have a function called list that allows us to specify the directory that we want
things listed in.
And it will go ahead and give us an array of everything there.
So we're gonna call that within our list users function underscored data dot list and then
tell it that we want to list out the users.
It's going to pass us back in the air and user i d.
S as an array.
If there is no air and there are user I ds and the user,
I d.
S have a life above zero,
then we'll continue.
Otherwise,
we can pretty much ignore this command as there's nothing to send back to the user.
We want to start with a vertical space to space the response out from anything that might
have come before it.
So cli vertical space get called then for each of the users,
we want to log out user specific data.
So we're going to do a for each loop user.
I d s dot for each and this for each is going to pass us a user i d.
For each of these user id's,
we're going to call data read and actually read in that user I d from the user's collection
.
So we'll pass it.
Use your I d and will expect back an air core user data.
If there is not an air and there is user data,
we'll continue otherwise will ignore this user.
Now we want to construct the line that we are going to log out.
So we're going to say that barred line equals name Colon.
Then we want to insert their names.
So user data,
first name,
then a space and then user data.
Last name.
Now let's add their phone.
So we want to say Phone,
colon user data dot phone And then let's say checks and we're going to list out the number
of checks that they have.
But let's terminate this line for now and then calculate the number of checks that the user
has on a separate line,
using separate logic so we can save our number of checks equals.
Then we need to check if the checks key is actually defined on the user data object,
which it may not be So we want to say user data checks equals object and user data checks
isn't array and user data checks length is greater than zero.
Then we use the length of the array otherwise would have fought 20 So now that we have the
number of checks,
we can add that to the end of this line so we can say line should be appended with number
of checks.
Now that we have the whole line in its entirety,
we can just log it out,
console log line and then add on another vertical space.
If we look in our data directory,
we can see that we have to existing users So let's try this command out and see if it works
.
I'm gonna start the act back up,
make this screen a little bit bigger.
I'm gonna ask it to list users.
There.
You see,
we have to users.
John Smith.
First phone number ends in an eight and he has four checks.
The next user,
John Smithy,
has a phone of reading in a nine.
And he has two checks Now.
We can tell it to exit and will do so.
So the List users Command is working fine now,
and we could move on to the next lecture.